Rename from AVAM to Azure Video Indexer (#40)
Azure-Samples/media-services-video-indexer: VideoSearchWithAutoMLVision/README.md

# Building a custom video search experience using Azure Video Indexer, Azure Machine Learning and Azure Cognitive Search

> [Azure Video Indexer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/media-services/video-indexer/) (AVAM) is an Azure service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Azure Video Indexer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/media-services/video-indexer/) is an Azure service
```

The following manual steps are required to be completed to make the solution functional.

#### *Azure Video Indexer Account*

First, we'll need to set up a Azure Video Indexer account linked to the Media Services Resource deployed (name prefix
`mediaservices`).

If we navigate to this resource's overview, and scroll down, there is a window entitled "Azure Video Indexer". Click the link
"[Go to Azure Video Indexer](https://www.videoindexer.ai/)".

![Azure Video Indexer window from Media Services resource overview](images/video-indexer-media-services-overview.png)

Once logged into the Azure Video Indexer portal, create a new unlimited account using the option in the user accounts sidebar,
which can be opened using the leftmost button in the top right of the portal.

![Creating a new account in Azure Video Indexer](images/video-indexer-create-new-account.png)

When creating the new account, select the Azure subscription and Media Services account (name prefix `mediaservices`)
used in the resource deployment.

If you see an error displayed after the account has been created, saying `There’s a problem with your connection to Azure Media Services. Update connection.`, ignore it.

> Once created, go to the [Azure Video Indexer developer portal](https://api-portal.videoindexer.ai/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once created, go to the [Azure Video Indexer developer portal](https://aka.ms/avam-dev-portal).
```
